com|whois.verisign-grs.com|No match for
ua|whois.ua|No entries found
ws|whois.nic.ws|No match for
us|whois.nic.us|Not found
tv|whois.nic.tv|No match for
tm|whois.nic.tm|Not available
su|whois.ripn.net|No entries found
ru|whois.ripn.ru|No entries found
org|whois.pir.org|NOT FOUND
name|whois.nic.name|No match
net|whois.verisign-grs.com|No match for
mobi|whois.dotmobiregistry.net|NOT FOUND
ms|whois.nic.ms|Not Registered
md|whois.nic.md|No match for
me|whois.nic.me|NOT FOUND
info|whois.afilias.info|NOT FOUND
hr|whois.ripe.net|No entries found
hu|whois.ripe.net|No entries found
gov|whois.nic.gov|No match for
eg|whois.ripe.net|No entries found
edu|whois.educause.net|No Match
cz|whois.nic.cz|No entries found
cc|whois.nic.cc|No match for
by|whois.ripe.net|No entries found
biz|whois.neulevel.biz|Not found
be|whois.dns.be|Status:      FREE
bg|whois.register.bg|does not exist in database
